[Markdown] New frontmatter injection feature! (#1204)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/markdown-content.md

    };
    ```

### Injecting frontmatter

> You may want to add frontmatter properties to your markdown files programmatically. By using a [remark or rehype plugin](#markdown-plugins), you can generate these properties based on a file's contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to add frontmatter properties to your Markdown files programmatically. By using a [remark or rehype plugin](#markdown-plugins), you can generate these properties based on a file's contents.
```

You can append to the `data.astro.frontmatter` property from your plugin's `file` argument like so:

```js
// example-remark-plugin.js
export function exampleRemarkPlugin() {
  // All remark and rehype plugins return a separate function
  return function (tree, file) {
    file.data.astro.frontmatter.customProperty = 'Generated property';
  }
}
```

After applying this plugin to your `markdown` config:

```js
// astro.config.mjs
import { exampleRemarkPlugin } from './example-remark-plugin';

export default {
  markdown: {
    remarkPlugins: [exampleRemarkPlugin],
  },
};

```

> ...every markdown file will have `customProperty` in its frontmatter! This is available when [importing your markdown](#importing-markdown) and from [the `Astro.props.frontmatter` property in your layouts](#markdown-layouts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...every Markdown file will have `customProperty` in its frontmatter! This is available when [importing your markdown](#importing-markdown) and from [the `Astro.props.frontmatter` property in your layouts](#markdown-layouts).
```

#### Example: calculate reading time

> You can use a [remark plugin](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark) to add a reading time to your frontmatter. We recommend a couple helper packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a [remark plugin](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark) to add a reading time to your frontmatter. We recommend two helper packages:
```
(Simplified language is generally easier for a wider audience while following instructions.)

- [`reading-time`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/reading-time) to calculate minutes read
- [`mdast-util-to-string`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mdast-util-to-string) to extract all text from your markdown

```shell
npm i reading-time mdast-util-to-string
```

We can apply these packages to a remark plugin like so:

```js
// remark-reading-time.js
import getReadingTime from 'reading-time';
import { toString } from 'mdast-util-to-string';

export function remarkReadingTime() {
	return function (tree, { data }) {
    const textOnPage = toString(tree);
		const readingTime = getReadingTime(textOnPage);
    // readingTime.text will give us minutes read as a friendly string,
    // i.e. "3 min read"
		data.astro.frontmatter.minutesRead = readingTime.text;
	};
}
```

> Once you apply this plugin your config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you apply this plugin to your config:
```
Personal nit: Feel free to ignore, but I might tend to say "add this plugin to your config" as I think we do often talk about "adding to config" vs "applying to config" throughout the docs. Also, we've "applied" in the step above so "add" mixes it up! Variety is fun!  🥳

```js
// astro.config.mjs
import { remarkReadingTime } from './remark-reading-time';

export default {
  markdown: {
    remarkPlugins: [remarkReadingTime],
  },
};

```

> ...all markdown documents will have a calculated `minutesRead`. You can use this to apply an "X min read" banner from a [markdown layout](#markdown-layouts), for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...all Markdown documents will have a calculated `minutesRead`. You can use this to include an "X min read" banner in a [markdown layout](#markdown-layouts), for instance:
```
Again, personal preference: I think this turn of phrase might feel a little more consistent with having a code sample showing this banner *in* the layout component below. It feels more natural to me. But, the only true correction is the capitalization of Markdown!
